Advances in Java Lab
Choice Based Credit System
Semester: III CIE Marks:40
Subject Code:20MCA38 SEE Marks:60
Contact Hours(L:T:P):0:0:4 Exam Hours:03
Course Outcomes: at the end of the course students will be able to
CO1: Apply the concept of Servlet and its life cycle to create web application.
CO2: Apply JSP tags and its services to web application.
CO3: Create packages and interfaces in the web application context.
CO4: Build Database connection for the web applications.
CO5: Develop application programs using beans concept.


1.Write a JAVA Servlet Program to implement a dynamic HTML using Servlet (user name and
02.03.2021 updated
79/ 104Password should be accepted using HTML and displayed using a Servlet).

2.Write a JAVA Servlet Program to Auto Web Page Refresh (Consider a webpage which is
displaying Date and time or stock market status. For all such type of pages, you would need to
refresh your web page regularly; Java Servlet makes this job easy by providing refresh
automatically after a given interval).

3.Write a JAVA Servlet Program to implement and demonstrate GET and POST methods (Using
HTTP Servlet Class).

4.Write a JAVA Servlet Program using cookies to remember user preferences.

5.Write a JAVA Servlet program to track HttpSession by accepting user name and password
using HTML and display the profile page on successful login.

6.Write a JSP Program which uses jsp:include and jsp:forward action to display a Webpage.

7.Write a JSP Program which uses tag to run an applet

8.Write a JSP Program to get student information through a HTML and create a JAVA Bean class,
populate Bean and display the same informationthrough another JSP

9. Write a JSP program to implement all the attributes of page directive tag.

10.Write a JAVA Program to insert data into Student DATA BASE and retrieve info based on
particular queries (For example update, delete, search etc...).

11.An EJB application that demonstrates Session Bean (with appropriate business logic).

12.An EJB application that demonstrates MDB (with appropriate business logic).

13. An EJB application that demonstrates persistence (with appropriate business logic).
